
This policy covers Rentality and its use of personal information collected when you use the rentality.com.au website. This privacy policy is regularly reviewed and Rentality may amend it from time to time. While Rentality will endeavour to notify you of any major changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time, you agree that you will periodically review the most up-to-date version of this Privacy Policy available.

The policy also gives you information about cookies, Rentality’s and third parties’ use of cookies and how you reject cookies.You will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name and email address) in order to register to receive or use services on rentality.com.au. Such services include newsletters, live chats, message boards and other future developments By entering your details, you enable Rentality and its service providers to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide personal information, we will treat it in accordance with this policy. When using your personal information Rentality will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current Internet best practice.

1. Visitor Data.
During the course of any visit to rentality.com.au the pages you see pass data via a short text file called a ‘cookie’, to your computer. Most websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to ascertain whether the computer has visited the website before. This is done on a subsequent visit by detecting the cookie left there previously. From time to time we may use the services of research companies to gather non-personal data regarding the users of our website using cookies, log file data and code embedded on our site. Information supplied by cookies helps us to improve your online user experience and allows us to profile how users navigate the site. If you wish to reject cookies please contact Rentality at admin@rentality.com.au.

2. Third Party Advertising.
Advertisements appearing on this Web site may be served by Rentality or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time you click an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about when you, or others using your computer, saw advertisements and which ads are clicked. This allows an advertisement network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.

3. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a website’s computer and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has sent to you, not cookies sent by other sites. Most sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows. Users can set their computers to accept cookies, to notify when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies. Browsers vary so it is advisable to check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

4. Use and storage of your personal information.
When you supply any personal information to Rentality we have legal obligations towards you in the way we use the data. We must explain how we will use it and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else. In general and subject to the terms of this Privacy policy, any information you provide to Rentality will only be used within Rentality and by its agents and service providers. Your information will be disclosed only where we are obliged to do so or permitted to do so by law. Also, if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on rentality.com.au or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on rentality.com.au, Rentality may use whatever information available to it about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as law enforcement agencies about the content you have posted. We will hold your personal information for as long as you use the rentality.com.au services, and remove it when you no longer wish to continue your registration. Rentality may store messaging transcript data (including message content, member names, times and dates) arising from the use of rentality.com.au community services for a period of six months. We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the relevant privacy laws. If you are notified on the rentality.com.au site that your information may be used to allow Rentality to contact you for “service administration purposes”, this means we may contact you for a number of purposes related to our service. For example, we may wish to provide you with password reminders or notify you that the particular service has been suspended for maintenance.

5. Sharing and Disclosure of Information.
Rentality reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Rentality or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. For more information see the “Changes to Our Privacy Policy” section below.

6. Changes in Our Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy and will post them on the rentality.com.au website. A User is bound by any changes to the policy when he or she uses the site after those changes have been posted.

7. Access to your personal information.
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information Rentality holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (please note that due to administration costs, Rentality will charge $20 for information requests.) Please address requests to Rentality at admin@rentality.com.au.

8. Minors
Users who are minors. If you are under 13 or a minor under applicable law please obtain your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to the rentality.com.au website. Users without this consent are not permitted to provide us with personal information.

9. Contact Details
admin@rentality.com.au
